hi guys thanks for watching welcome back
to my channel so for today's video I
thought I would do a little hull I went
to Sephora as well as Mac and picked up
a couple of things you guys would like
to see what I got then just keep
watching alright so I'm just gonna jump
right into it so the first thing that I
got is a lip balm chap sticky lip balm
thing this is called Smith's rosebud
salt I think that's how you pronounce it
and this was nine dollars i'm standing
in line of course i have chapped lips
like i always do so i picked this up and
its really a thin i love how it goes on
it's pink but it's very sheer on your
lips look you can't tell that it's pink
when it comes out of the tube and it's
just very lightweight but hydrating and
moisturizing so definitely love this
little guy so now I got a conditioner
and this is the buckle and Bumble
super-rich conditioner I got this in a
sample size as you can see if you guys
know me I love spy things in sample
sizes for the first time trying it out
if I like it I purchase it again in the
full-size just so that way if I don't
really like the product I'm not stuck
with an entire tube or jar however comes
so i got the sample size of this guy my
hair has been feeling not very like
hydrated and moisturized lately socially
since i'm going to be lightening my hair
next tuesday i want it to be super like
hydrated and healthy before that so i
picked this guy up to try out so the
next thing is a Beauty Blender and if
you guys have washed my makeup tutorials
i love the beauty blender however i'd
never purchased the real like sephora
Beauty Blender before because this is
twenty dollars for a sponge which
obviously seems a little ridiculous I've
always purchased them from
Marshalls or Target or just some
somewhere where it's not twenty dollars
but the last few that i purchased
they're so hard and I feel like I'm
specking myself in the face of the rock
like I don't even want to use them so I
figure out all just buy the real one I'm
sure I will love it even though its
twenty dollars I bit the bullet and
purchased it so I'm really excited to
see how I like this so next I got the
August hacia brow with um eyebrow pencil
now you had no benefit is like my
favorite makeup company of all time
however their eyebrow pencil you have to
sharpen it and while that's not that big
video i felt like i was sharpening it
almost every single day so it definitely
took some time out of my getting ready
routine and this one you don't have to
sharpen so i got this one in the shade
chocolate since I'm lightening my hair I
wanted and I reckon so that wasn't as
dark of a brown so this one's kind of
like a medium like a light to medium
brown I would say and honest hacia is
such a popular makeup company for
eyebrows so I definitely know I'm gonna
love this guy to go that I got benefits
give me brow and this is a brow
volumizing fiber gel it says brush on
fiber adheres to skin and hair is for
fuller looking brows now water-resistant
long wearing natural-looking buildable
so I'm really excited to use this guy I
plan on shaving my eyebrows with the
honest off via and then filling in with
this little guys so I'm really excited
to see how that works for me I
definitely heard a lot of positive
things about this one and I got this in
the shade a light medium now if you guys
have gone to support before then i'm
sure you know they always sort samples
in your fab it gave me the agave hair
treatment this is a
hair oil that smooth restores and
transforms unmeasurable frizzy hair and
then they just gave me a sample of being
miss dior perfume and since math is
right next door to the support i go to
they just like just open the front of
the store it's not even finished yet but
of course it's like all finished inside
and I picked up two lipsticks the first
one I got is called myth there's people
like doing construction where i live
like outside painting and stuff and when
I can hear them but I can't see them I
get so good dad like someone's in my
house it's like the creepiest thing ever
anyways so I went to math and I got two
lipsticks myth is the first one I'm sure
you guys have heard of this one it's
incredibly popular it is a new and this
is like the nudist nude out there it's
it's kind of like a whitish peachy nude
I mean it's not quite like that's creepy
but it's very very muted and i just
figured i could add this to my lipsticks
and just fill it in to my collection
because it is a really popular one out
there and I got razzle-dazzle ER and
this is the one that I'm wearing on my
lips right now I put a NYX butter gloss
on top of it just to find to see how
they work together but this is more of
an orange but it's kind of like a pinky
orange I want an orange that I could
wear every day this is definitely very
wearable and I love it so much thank you
guys so much for watching this video
those are all of the things I got if you
like this video please give it a thumbs
up if you haven't subscribed please
subscribe and
you guys the next one bye